I might've actually fixed that one now. Of course, this is the fourth time I've said that in the last three days.
But I have a good feeling about this one!
Perhaps.
I believe the cunning money-making plan is to sell watches
I suppose I should go to bed at some point.
I’m reasonably sure I’m not head of Pebble.
I wonder if we should expose this functionality in a manner that is useful.
I think that might be the most boring feature yet proposed.
Who would put a fitness tracker on a wrist? Makes no sense.
You should wear your watch 24/7.
Health is neat. It tells me how much sleep I don't get.
Spalding. Or possibly Spaulding. Apparently someone did not agree on how to spell that.
We know.
This is correct and intentional. There is no possible way it could not be true.
One of the builds has apparently dropped off the map.
How nested can you get?
I forget.
Although that television's primary feature is being cheap.
Mhm.
(Disclaimer: may be incorrect.)
I suggest not doing whatever it is you're doing.
@glacierglacier: This is the best thing.
Then I got older, and now I'm just about average and have no idea what I'm doing.
Interviews suck.
I have a pillow fort!
That's some pretty unhappy autocomplete.
My Little Ponies are just more important.
"I believe so" would be a pretty dull quote.
It doesn't work because reasons I forget.
That technically works, but is not a good idea.
*¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Is there context for that?
Huh. Something went bork.
Ritual sacrifice is only on Tuesdays? That’s not so bad.
I don’t buy into snooze mechanisms.
“Questionable” means “something that causes errors.”
Eeeeeevil
Magic. But mostly algorithms.
ccccccelhjhriblfjjtdthuvfgrkkevgehnbetiuhbcr. Oh good. It’s been a while since I did that.
I don’t know what “this case” is in the first place. As previously discussed, I don’t run the company.
Is that a thing we do? I thought we explicitly did not do that.
(It totally makes sense to attend a formal party wearing battle armour, right?)
Wallets sold in England are indeed GBP-compatible
Splashes are made of water.
*I value fast internets.
I'm definitely not next to that server.
She occasionally does things that might be considered a bad idea.
Who says python can't melt wax?
Plentiful supply of things to pick up and take pictures of sitting next to my desk.
It looks like it's crying. Crying red tears.
My flight was "on time" until ten minutes after it was supposed to leave.
That would be an awful idea :p
MORE LASERS.
That causes some surprising behaviour sometimes.
That's sort of odd.
Pony eldritch abominations?
Besides, the rules don't say "no pony lasers".
Although at this point we're going sort of overboard on the lasers.
Fortunately, there are now people who actually know what they're doing worrying about this.
I am good at flailing at a text editor until a solution emerges.
I am good at exactly one thing.
Maybe some day we’ll actually do something useful with SDK versions.
Admin power is handy.
Because rainbows are awesome.
I am being slandered!
As long as it doesn't involve much maths. I can't do maths.
Versioning is magic.
I have no recollection of that
*I should probably fix this, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
